h1. CSS3

For each advanced CSS3 property, use this plugin in a CSS template to spew out all the supporting browser prefixes (supports Gecko, Konqueror, Opera, and Webkit).

"Forum thread":http://expressionengine.com/forums/viewthread/148392/

h2. Samples

h3. Common usage

Refer to the Mozilla site for implementation ideas: https://developer.mozilla.org/en/CSS_Reference/Mozilla_Extensions

For example:

bc. #rounded_box {
  {exp:css3:borderRadius value="1em 2em 3em 4em"}
}

...outputs:

bc. #rounded_box {
  border-radius:1em 2em 3em 4em;
  -moz-border-radius:1em 2em 3em 4em;
  -webkit-border-top-left-radius:1em;
  -webkit-border-top-right-radius:2em;
  -webkit-border-bottom-left-radius:3em;
  -webkit-border-bottom-right-radius:4em;
}

h2. More Samples

@{exp:css3:backgroundClip value="content"}@
see https://developer.mozilla.org/en/CSS/-moz-background-clip

@{exp:css3:backgroundOrigin value="content"}@
see https://developer.mozilla.org/en/CSS/-moz-background-origin

@{exp:css3:backgroundSize value="100% 100%"}@
see https://developer.mozilla.org/en/CSS/-moz-background-size

@{exp:css3:borderImage value="url(image.png) 1px 2px 3px 4px"}@
see https://developer.mozilla.org/en/CSS/-moz-border-image
Note: Make sure you use 1 or 4 space-delimited values. Since cases where 2 or 3 values would make sense seemed so rare, I didn’t bother supporting those. Also, for horizontal/vertical radii, use the Mozilla slash style.

bc. {exp:css3:borderRadius value="1em"}
{exp:css3:borderRadius value="1em 2em 3em 4em"}
{exp:css3:borderRadius value="1em/1px"}
{exp:css3:borderRadius value="1em 2em 3em 4em / 1px 2px 3px 4px"}
see https://developer.mozilla.org/en/CSS/-moz-border-radius

@{exp:css3:boxShadow value="1px 2px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)"}@
see https://developer.mozilla.org/en/CSS/-moz-box-shadow

@{exp:css3:boxSizing value="border-box"}@
see https://developer.mozilla.org/en/CSS/box-sizing

@{exp:css3:transformRotate value="10deg"}@
see https://developer.mozilla.org/en/CSS/-moz-transform

h2. Changelog

1.1.1 – 2010-03-10 – Documentation cleanup.
1.1.0 – 2010-03-10 – Added transform:rotate();. Corrected border-radius syntax for W3C CSS3 candidate.
1.0.1 – 2010-03-05 – Documentation cleanup.
1.0.0 – 2010-03-05 – Initial release.
